Add the possibility to specify a priorityClassName for the CLC (#204)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 2.10.9

> * Add the possibility to specify a priority class name for the CLC pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add the possibility to specify a priority class name for the cluster checks runner pods.
```
